Updating MTC release notes 1.7.01 to 1.7.12 (#64356)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-mtc-release-notes-1-7-06.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-7-06_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.7.6 release notes

[id="new-features-1-7-6_{context}"]
== New features

> .Implement proposed changes for DVM support with PSA in OCP 4.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Implement proposed changes for DVM support with PSA in Red Hat Openshift Container Platform 4.12
```
See approved names: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1DLS_lS3VKidgZIvcLmLp9BoiqptkvqHWfe1D5FD2kfk/edit#gid=1259317633
Use the variable {product-title}. Check your attributes files to verify.

With the incoming enforcement of Pod Security Admission (PSA) in {OCP} 4.12, whereby the default pod would run with a `restricted` profile. This `restricted` profile would mean workloads to migrate would be in violation of this policy and no longer work as of now. The above enhancement outlines the changes that will be required to remain compatible with OCP 4.12. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1240[*MIG-1240*])

[id="resolved-issues-1-7-06_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

This release has the following major resolved issue:

> .Unable to create Storage Class Conversion plan due to missing cronjob error in OCP 4.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Unable to create Storage Class Conversion plan due to missing cronjob error in Red Hat OpenShift Platform 4.12
```
